I travel across the United States to
meet the best students in the world from
MIT UCLA UC Berkeley and Stanford
University to find out the answer to the
question we all know too well how do you
stop procrastinating would you say
you're more productive than most people
know
certainly really and I think I work hard
but I wouldn't say I'm more productive
than anyone else do you steal for class
oh yeah oh yeah I still procrastinate a
lot oh no what do you play well if
they're not studying robots what tips do
they have for stopping procrastination I
say use your Google Docs Google sheets
plan out all the dates deadlines that
you have and just stay on top of those
so for my sheets I literally just like
put my deadlines in order of dates and
then I put what steps I need to
accomplish them Google Docs it's a good
structure to just be able to always have
your documents on hand I use Google
Calendar that's probably the main thing
that I use it really helps me put all my
ideas together I not only put in events
and stuff but I also put reminders and
things that I need to do like studying
definitely if you budget your time you
have a lot of free time it's just more
of like if you're studying for three
hours are you actually studying or are
you fascinating on Facebook I don't I
don't have any specific like oh I do
this and then I do this like I eat an
apple and then I drink water every five
minutes not like that to stay focused
it's just being passionate about what
you do everyone has something that they
like if you can turn that into your
career then you're extremely lucky in
the world I think I've been fortunate in
the fact that I really like chemistry
and that has led it to be easy for me to
keep pushing and keep wanting to learn
more
I just find something you're passionate
about and that's going to make the work
so much easier i procrastinate sometimes
um go for a walk going for a walk is
nice while I didn't have Facebook or
like Twitter I still don't have
Instagram because not having those at
your disposal definitely gives you more
time to actually focus I put in little
like reminders throughout the week about
what little studying things I need to do
like reading you know a chapter of this
book or a chapter of that book and by
doing that I can actually study ahead of
time and
get right on to where I need to be by
the time of the test do you schedule out
your studying times not really no but
you just know what you have to study
each day yeah as long as I get that done
at the end of the day that's all that
matters do you usually get it done
usually usually it's good enough yeah
work towards the small goals every
single day don't look at the bigger
picture that can be overwhelming just
take baby steps and you'll get to where
you are yeah I would say don't wait to
the last minute but sometimes the last
minute can create your best you know
results so it really just depends on the
person I'm not a last minute person I
get motivated when the deadlines coming
out if you have other things on your
mind
maybe you address those things like it's
okay to have other things on your mind
you don't have to beat yourself up about
not doing your work if there's like
family stuff at home and you keep
procrastinating by texting people about
it like be with your family prioritize
right sometimes schoolwork is not the
priority and that is okay allow yourself
to change things around a little bit
yeah live like it happens okay looking
back on my life I think the times I
procrastinated the most are the times
when I had too much on my plate I think
we just got realized it's not gonna
happen overnight but we can try to be 1%
more productive every single day at the
end of the year it's gonna compound
you're gonna be 37 times more productive
and you're gonna turn your dreams into
reality trust me
I'm working with you on that too my name
is - well click that subscribe button
and the notification button and I will
see you in the next video look out for
campus crawl soon peace